# Alpha Testing

## KSV Software

## https://github.com/vincenowell4/KSV-Software

## Vision Statement
The Voting App is a .net mvc web app that allows groups of people to hold a vote through the app in such a way that the vote cannot be swayed by things like peer/social pressure, and allow the vote to be anonymous. Some benefits of this app are the ability to create a vote in the app for a group and have it be anonymous or non-anonymous, be able to support different types and voting like round robin and multiple choice, and to allow the person that created the vote to see analytics of the vote to see how it was distributed via graphs and percentages. We think that this app would be useful in scenarios where a vote needs to be taken in a group, but there is the possibility of the vote being influenced by an outside party. One competitor to this is Loomio though they don’t support multiple kinds of voting and their product costs money where this app would be free for basic users.

### https://teamksv-demo.azurewebsites.net/

### Testing Accounts (if necessary to test certain features, e.g. admin account)
    1. Account 1, Username: Admin , Password: Password123!   
    For user accounts please create an account with your email.

### Any other pertinent information?
When useing dates anywhere on the site, the time zones for the server is 7 hours ahead. So for example if you want to access somthing in 5 min make it available in 7 hours and 5 min.
---
## Tester Name goes here

## Bug Reports
_Testers: Write your handwritten reports by following this pattern_

__[Bug]__ This is a good description of a bug (prefix with [Bug]) where I will tell you what the conditions were for the bug to occur and then what the failure was.  Include:

    1. Starting condition, setup or scenario
    2. Steps to replicate the failure
    3. Actual result
    4. Expected result
    5. Remarks
    
Most importantly: __be specific!__

__[Deficiency]__ Report a deficiency with this tag.  A deficiency is a behavior of the application that is functionally correct (not a failure) but is deficient in some manner; or a feature or behavior that is expected but not present.  This can include a feature of the website that does not meet the expectations generated by the vision statement.

__[Presentation]__ This is how you can report problems with the application's user interface.  Is there something in the presentation that isn't clear, intuitive or an example of good UI design?  Do you like the colors, fonts, layout?  Does it make sense?  

__[Recommendation]__ Give the development team a recommendation.

---
Actual report start here ...